add: 📽️ Youtube playlists for learning foundry (#914)
foundry-rs/book: src/tutorials/learn-foundry.md

## Foundry Tutorials (Unofficial) Videos

> Unofficial *youtube playlists* of Foundry tutorials from famousblockchain tutorial makers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unofficial *youtube playlists* of Foundry tutorials from Blockchain educators.
```

Author: Thanks for the correction , i see you've already made the change so I dont have to make another PR to this

Author: Ok thanks for already applying the changes, was a little confusing for me that I had to make another commit to this pr , and added the earlier message which i deleted
